Thanks for having downloaded the Cartoon Low Poly Island pack.


Demo scenes :

To get started please open the different scenes thanks to the "scenes" file.
You will then be able to access the scene you saw on the pictures and video.

To add anything to a existing scene or to create new stuff inside you need to use the prefabs, 
you can find them in the "prefabs" file. Then you just need to drag and drop them in your scene.
The scenes are built on a "terrain". You can change the parameters thanks to the inspector. Check out 
a quick tutorial on youtube if you need help : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mm_zBHw6Unw&t=131s 


Materials :

The materials are available in the "materials" file. All the prefabs are ready to be used so you will 
need the materials file only if you want to change materials of some assets.
For any reason if you want to change the material shader just clik on the material and select 
the shader you want in the inspector.
(the general material is used with a toon shading from Unity standard assets, and the water is also from 
that free pack, so if you need further information about them please download the pack :
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/essentials/asset-packs/standard-assets-for-unity-2017-3-32351 ) 


Post processing :

Every picture and video you've seen was using post processing.
Post processing is made to enhance the graphics of your game but will cost in performence, that's why
there wasn't much used in this pack.
The post processing profils are available in the post processing file.

To download post processing please go to "window " then "package manager ", then search for "advanced" 
, "show previewed packages" and scroll down until you find the post processing package.

Once downloaded you can go to you camera settings and add component. Look for "Post process layer" .
Add a empty object in your scene and add component :"Post process volume ".
Drag your profils in the right spot.

If you need any extra help with post porcessing check out this quick tutorial :https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cjhNjtkpVE&t=306s


Graphic quality :

Please tick in the camera settings "Allow HDR" and "Allow MSAA".
You can also check that you're project is in the best graphics quality, to do that go to 
"edit", "project settings", "quality" and change to "ultra".
haracters :

Characters :

The character hasn't got any animations but it's rigged so you just need to go to https://www.mixamo.com/
If you havn't got an account create one. Then just upload the character you want to animate and choose the animation you want to 
use. You also have to download the animation if you want to use a pose.



Hope these explanations were efficient, if you have any other queries please send a e-mail : newvision.istudios@gmail.com 


